I've got to show you something.
Hang on.
It's amazing.
There you go.
Thank you very much.
I cannot believe that you´ve never been to a petting zoo.
Petting zoo? haha.
My mother didn’t take me when I was younger.
Thats really sad.
absolutely not.
Did you take your sister?
Actually yeah.
Yes she did.
Oh, watch out man.
Thank you.
What are you doing?
Some people, I swear.
Do you know what. She did take my sister.
And she didn't take me. What does that say?
So she likes your sister better.
Not like you!
No, you cant say things like that.
Thats not nice.
I can say things like that. Its true.
She gets your sister better presents as well.
Yeah.
Alright, ok.
What is this? “Have a go with me day”.
No it just might be that your sister is smarter than you are.
She is fantastic
Isn't that incredible.
Look at Louie face is in this picture.
What, let me see it.
Louie I love you.
Oh my god, delete that. Now.
You pull the best faces Louie that is why I love you.
Why do you have that. I hate you.
Where did you get that?
Wouldn't you like to know.
I will hurt you!
You wont.
Delete it!
Paul, Let me see, let me see.
All right. There you go.
Have you considered pulling a different face?
That is my face.
Oh, there is more.
If you scroll through you see her tell her story.
Oh yeah?
I hate you all.
In this one. You look like you have just find out that your bank account has 87 pennies.
Show me.
I need to retrace my life and figure out what disasters let me to you.
What a shame.
You are the worst.
Can everyone keep on looking forward for me?
Hello, are you ok?
More help is on its way.
I hurt my leg.
Your leg, ok. Keep your head forward.
Is your neck ok?
Hello, are you ok?
Are you ok?
My friend.
Ok, don't worry.
Keep calm.
Keep your head forward for me.
Have you got any pain in your arm?
Any pain in your neck?
You keep that for me. Help is on its way.
Ok.
Doesn't appear to be breathing. Has a very weak pulse.
If you can have a look at her for me.
Thank you.
Ok, whats your name?
Paul.
Paul. Ok Paul. Stay nice and relax ok.
We are going to get this sorted for you.
I'm going to feel your pulse.
Thank you.
Ok, can you start some CPR?
Alright.
Ok. So what we are going to do.
We are going to get you some pain relief.
Are you sure you haven't got pain anywhere else?
Just my face.
Just knock your head for me.
Just yes or no.
I put this on your arm.
I'm going to take your blood pressure.
I'm going to put this on your finger.
Ok?
Thank you.
Hello.
Right, I’m going to get you some pain relief, Ok?
How are you doing? What's your name?
Kate.
Kate?
Yeah.
Hi Kate. I'm with the paramedics ambulance service.
Ok, don’t worry. Just wait a minute.
Ok?
What I want you to do is just stay nice and still for me.
Alright?
Have you got any dizziness? Are you feeing sick?
Yeah.
Ok, I will give you an anti-sickness drip as well.
Can you remember anything that happened?
There was a tracktor.
I don’t know. I don’t know.
You remember a tracktor?
Ok, that's good.
Have you had any drugs or alcohol?
No, nothing, nothing.
No? Ok, ok.
Bare with us.
Ok?
Where is my friend?
Are you ok?
Yeah.
Are you feeling any dizziness and sickness?
Ok, just stay nice and calm like you are.
Are you ok?
Keep your head looking forward, ok.
We are going to lift the roof up.
You are perfectly safe.
Ok.
You have had your pain relief.
You are a lot more relaxed now. You are doing great.
The roof is going to come off. Just keep looking forward.
Don’t worry about what they are doing.
Ok?
You are doing really really good.
Has the pain gone down?
Fantastic.
Are you ok?
I'm going to see you in a sec, alright?
Ok.
You are doing really well.
You stayed really nice and calm for me, ok.
I'm going to give you something for the pain.
Have you got any pain anywhere else?
Fantastic.
Ok.
I'm going to give you that now.
Put it in your arm.
It helps you make nice and relaxed, ok.
You are doing really well.
We are going to get you out of here.
Katy, how are you doing?
Katy, how are you feeling?
Just breathe for me nice and deep.
Thats really good.
Ok.
I'm going to give you something to stop
you from feeling sick as well.
You don't have any pain in your neck still?
No?
Are you still feeling drowsy?